The Joe Rogan.
Experience this concept of things,
just sort of falling into place. I'm, I'm a big believer in that too. Yeah.
What, what is that though? Is that you getting out of your own way? Like what,
what is that? Is.
It isn't that 70% of it? Yeah. Yeah.
I'd say it's 70% maintenance of what can I do
to do my part, to stay out of the way. And then the other part,
I always think of it as like this little, super thin, uh,
invisible thread, but you can feel the tug and you just kind of,
you have to be really gentle and you have to pause when agitated and you have to
go for it. And you're gonna like, there's four walls in here,
which one has the map behind it.
You it's that one and you knock down the wall and it's there, you know?
Yeah. What is that though? That's a.
Synchronicity. Yeah. Uh, intuition.
But labeling it is very dangerous cuz it's so filled when with woo.
And so it's, you know,
there's so many people that are hooked that have like made a career out of sort
of like labeling it and sure. Defining it or teaching you how to get to it.
And it's.
Great cuz it's the commodity that you can't capitalize on. Yeah. And yet,
if you don't show proof of its existence, you, you can't even,
you shouldn't even be qualified to speak on it. I don't know. It's.
The big, I don't know. But when it happens,
whether it happens with love or with friendship or with a career or with a path
you're taking, you just know while you there's a smile, there's an inner smile.
Like yeah, this is it. Well put I found it, this is it. This is,
I'm supposed to be doing this. Here we go. Here we go.
Yeah. And I really feel you, it's so funny at this point in my life and being,
you know, kind of middle aged and all that. Well,
I know I'm gonna fly around the world and I'm gonna sell some soap.
And I know I have a new project and I know I've just retired my Jersey on this
12 year journey I've been on. And uh, and how do I want to start? And,
and it came up, how would you like, I go, yes,
that's exactly what I'm going to do. I want go,
I have the Joe Rogan experience and,
and kick off this year and this season and this new chapter by doing
what I love, which is a,
an interview is we're looking at each other and it there's a give and take. Um,
but to answer the question, it can be, antiliactic like anything. I mean,
this is surreal, you know, I never, I mean,
have you seen you around a little bit,
but I feel like I know you cuz I see you all the time and I listen
to you and I'm a, I'm a, a martial arts nut and
yeah, isn't it. Sometimes you, it, when you,
when you get outside of the fortunate,
interesting creative of experience you're having,
you kind of go like it's very dreamlike. Yeah.
Yeah. My whole life's a dream. Yeah.
Except for the ramifications. It's the ramifications. <laugh> those for real.
<Laugh> those come back and bite you in the. You're like, yeah,
this isn't a dream at all. This could, this is dangerous. Yeah. I used to,
I remember the first time I met Phil Hartman, uh, I,
I was stunned that I was actually like sitting,
we were at a table read and I was sitting across from, and I'm like, how the?
You're a famous guy. <laugh> like, you're a really famous guy.
Like I've seen you in movies, man. Yeah.
Like you've seen you on television here, you right there. How weird, you know?
And it, it seems it's very hard to, to be normal.
And then after a, while it that becomes normal. And then the,
the fact that it becomes normal becomes surreal.
And then it really feels like a dream. Like when I, I meet people like you,
like we've just met an hour or so ago. And yet instantly I feel like I know you.
Yeah. Yeah. It's very strange. But you also, you're not full of. You know,
when someone's not full of, it's pretty easy to get to know them.
You say something, I say something back go, oh, I know how he works.
I see what's going on in there. This is a actual human. Here we go.
We're talking. This is a good litmus.
Too, because you watch your show pretty. And I just love it too.
Cuz in your show, you literally, you just, you start,
it's a rolling start with you every time you come into the show and you're
already kind of thinking about stuff. So it's, it feels very,
uh, organic. And part of me, even this morning was like,
I hope he looks into my eyes and doesn't see a complete and utter foolish frog.
<laugh> you?
Because I would probably believe him if he mirrored that back to me. Oh no,
that's.
A, that's a danger, right? Yeah. If someone,
if you respect someone and they think you're a idiot, you're like, oh no,
I might really be a idiot.
But there's been times when in just being myself,
someone who I respect has looked at me and said, what are,
what are we talking about? Yeah. What are you even saying?
And you remember that? Cuz it kind of yeah. It, it stiff armss.
You. But part of those are good cuz it realize,
well you were probably off on a stupid tangent. Yeah.
And that's part of being a person, you know, part of being a person is like,
I don't know what the next word out of my mouth is gonna be right now.
No one ever does. Unless you do. And if you do is kind of weird.
Some people are poker, players respect some people that are that. Um,
because there's a,
an ability to maybe it's fear based. But I,
I always appreciate people who, you know,
as people like their icons are big shots or that they hold a certainesteem and
all of their they're very simple. It's like mm-hmm <affirmative> yes, yes.
We should fix that. Sure.
<Laugh> yeah, sure. Is my favorite. Sure.
Okay. On it. Yeah.
<Laugh> yeah. No periods either. Like you don't have time to make a period.
It beats.
The all caps texts. Yeah. Oh, I don't.
Like those at all those people weird. Although CT Fletcher,
he sends me all texts. I, I love him, but he's shouting at everything.
Everything is a shout. Yeah.
But yeah, the surreal part is, um,
I think part of the reason I'm still so interested, not just in,
in life, but also, you know,
getting to do what I do is I'm a fan.
I love movies. I love creativity. I love music. I love,
I love culture.
And the fact that I actually have a place in it while I'm observing
it and digging it is like it's, it's,
it's an honor.
Well, that's a beautiful perspective. And that shows in how you,
how you, how you carry yourself.
And it shows in the work that you do that you do appreciate it. You know,
one of the saddest things is someone who's in an amazing position who doesn't
appreciate it. And, and that, that drives other people crazy too.
Like Prema donnas drive people crazy for a variety of reasons.
But one of the big ones is you don't appreciate how fortunate you are. Like,
and people love when people appreciate good fortune and appreciate a,
a well-earn position and are, you know,
engrossed in a beautiful life of something that they've really joy and
something that really inspires them.
Well, I, I need to, I need to be kept,
uh rightizedd cuz I can easily fall into self-seeking and
depression and self pity and judgment and, and all that stuff. It's kind of a,
it's a bit of a default, but I spend enough energy and I've I've had enough, uh,
help over enough years to actually just say, oh, that's,
that's just awful destructive behavior.
You're entertaining in your head.
You know, bad patterns. Just bad thought patterns. Yeah. Yeah. We,
I think we could all fall into those.
I'm I'm ruthlessously self critical and it's,
for me sometimes it's very hard to step outside and, and just,
just take a pause and, and, and,
and recognize that not everything's gonna be right the first time you try it.
You know, I think that a lot of people that are really great at things,
it's one of the things about them is that they're not very satisfied with their
work. Like they're always looking to improve it.
They're always looking for be better.
And then that can start that cycle in their head of self-loathing and an
anxiety and anger at their,
at their performance or their work or whatever it is. Yeah. And,
and then that can lead to depression that can lead to just self hate. Yeah.
And what are your, uh, tolerances? Like,
I'll be the first to tell you, like, you know,
just or movies or movie doing Tropic thunder or one of the first, you know,
Ironman movies. I was like, I'd go over to the Mon. I'd be like,
play that back again. That was so good. <laugh> dude, let me see that again.
I need confirmation. Yeah. Cuz it's always a miracle. You stayed in frame,
you got the line, right. Your eye line was right. The lighting was right.
The sensibility us. Right. And you just look at it and you go, oh,
you know, it's like, I don't know, for me,
it's like the playback of the perfect Superman punch Ko.
And just go show me that again. Yeah. Um,
or when we were shooting Tropic thunderer I had a little, uh,
teaser clip for Ironman,
but it wasn't coming out until the next year and we were gonna go to ComicCon
and I, so I got to see it and show it to people and they're like, oh, I, I,
I think that's that movie's gonna do pretty good.
And then when we went to ComicCon we saw it,
but it used to be like that with music too. Like I write music,
I haven't for some time,
but you would write something and then you'd just listen to it on the loop cuz
you go, wow. That's not, I know that I was here and I did that,
but it feels kind of inspired and yeah. And you wanna get all that stuff,
but yeah, self critical's important.
As long as it doesn't bleed out into and over the edges and just
make everyone rush you're miserable.
<Laugh> right. Again, get outta your own way. Yeah. Again, I mean, that's uh,
one of the, the many tenets of life learn how to get outta your,
your own way with everything, including with creative endeavors.
It seems like that, that thing that you said about music,
most people who write things or create things, say that that it's,
you, they know they're doing it. Like if you make a great sculpture, you know,
you're doing it, but where is it coming from? Like what is,
what is the idea that manifests itself into this perfect thing that you could
step back and look at? And it seems surreal that how did I create that? Did I,
I don't know if I did. I mean, I definitely made my fingers move,
but I don't know if that's me who wrote that music who pooped performed it.
I know you did,
but there's a thing inside you that sort of like tunes in to this, uh,
this energy of, of ideas. And then it comes through you and again,
you kind of have to get outta your own way while you're writing something.
And then when it comes out, it's a weird feeling. Yeah. It's not like,
like if you hammer in the, into a board, you are very aware. You did that.
You're very aware, but there's something about the creative process. That's not,
you're not totally there. It's weird.
Yeah. It, because it is you and it isn't you. Right.
And what is you even mean? I love it. Well,
you always hear it too in sports. It's like, you know, oh, you know, uh,
you know how to go today, Federer? Oh, I was out of my mind.
I was not in my mind. It was a beautiful day. And I think you saw the results.
<Laugh> yeah. You know? Sure. Fluid.
Effortless, poetic.
Well fighters. Talk about that all the time that like,
especially a counter shot,
like they land something and they don't even have any idea they're gonna do it
and they did it and then it, it caused the knockout. Yeah.
It's their training manifests itself in this one special,
beautiful moment where bang, this thing happens.
And then they see the guy drop and they're like, holy. Oh yeah. And then they,
they walk away and it's the work it's it's there's so many
is involved. Right? There's so many moving pieces.
You have to be working on your own mind to learn how to get outta your own way.
You also have to be like really engrossed in whatever the activity is that
you're doing, like obsessed in love with it, passionate about it.
And then you have to have the discipline to show up and actually do the work.
There's so many different moving PE and it all has to be managed and it's not
solid. It's like a, it's like a raft on the ocean. It's moving around.
You're always trying to like figure out how to keep it, keep it moving and,
and functional. And it always seems unmanageable.
And after it's overoverload it was like, Ugh. Oh. Did that even work?
Yeah. Call it the fater board. Ah, yeah. That weird thing, you know,
how do you get it all.